The following copyright and licensing notice applies to the work done by
developers at Harvard University (Academic Technology Group) ca. 2012. Much
of the code in this project has been contributed by other parties since that
date, and, pending a proper update to this notice, that later work may be
regarded as free for copying and modifying within specifically non-commercial
and open-source uses. Anyone wishing to build upon this project in any way
that is not completely free, open-source, public, and non-commercial should
contact the repository owner to ascertain which parts of this project they
may legitimately use. Further, anyone wishing to build upon this project
should request a full and updated list of contributors to publish in their
code, so that those who have contributed to this project are credited.
Developers are also advised that this project uses a number of existing open-
source libraries, each with their own list of credits and licensing notices.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Copyright (c) 2012, The President and Fellows of Harvard College
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
      documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
    * Neither the name of Harvard University nor the
      names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products
      derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL HARVARD UNIVERSITY BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
